Update the smart contract documentation to v1 (#434)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/smart-contracts/tutorials/piggy-bank/writing.rst

   #[init(contract = "PiggyBank")]

The init function takes two arguments:

> - ``ctx: &impl HasInitContext``, which is a zero-sized struct with a number of

Reviewer: HasInitContext is a trait.

  getter functions for accessing information about the current context, such as

>   the account that invoked this contract, the supplied arguments and information about the state of the blockchain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  the account that invoked this contract, the supplied arguments, and information about the state of the blockchain
```

- ``state_builder: &mut StateBuilder<S: HasStateApi>``, which has functions for creating
  sets, maps, and boxes that effectively utilize the way contract state is
  stored on the chain. It is parameterized by ``S: HasStateApi`` to enable mocking

>   the state, as we shall see in part two of this tutorial.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  the state, as you will see in part two of this tutorial.
```

A smart contract can expose zero or more functions for interacting with an
instance.
These functions are called receive functions.
They can access the state of the instance and the blockchain and perform
actions, such as transferring CCD to an account or invoking another contract instance.
Receive functions are immutable/readonly by default, which means that they
cannot mutate the state.

> We will look at mutable receive methods when it's time to implement smashing the piggy bank.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will look at mutable receive methods when it's time to implement smashing the piggy bank.
```

from accepting CCD.

The reason for rejecting CCD by default is to reduce the risk of creating a smart

> contract that accepts CCD without the ability of retrieving it again: any CCD passed to such a contract

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
contract that accepts CCD without the ability to retrieve it again; any CCD passed to such a contract
```

       todo!()
   }

This gives us a mutable reference to the ``host``, through which we can access
the mutable state with the ``state_mut`` function. We then set the state to
``Smashed``, preventing further insertions of CCD:

.. code-block:: rust

   *host.state_mut() = PiggyBankState::Smashed;

Lastly, you need to empty the piggy bank. To do that, transfer all the CCD
of the smart-contract instance to an account.

To transfer CCD from a smart contract instance you use the |invoke_transfer|_
method on the ``host``. For this, you need to provide the address of the receiving
account and the amount to transfer.
In this case the receiver is the owner of the piggy bank and the amount is the
entire balance of the piggy bank.

The ``host`` has a getter function for reading
the current balance of the smart contract instance, which is called
|self_balance|_:

.. code-block:: rust

   let balance = host.self_balance();

You already have a variable with the address of the contract owner, so you can
use that for invoking the transfer:

.. code-block:: rust

   Ok(host.invoke_transfer(&owner, balance)?)

A transfer can fail in two ways, either your contract has insufficient funds, or

> the receiver account does not exist. Neither can occur in this contract, so we

Reviewer: Perhaps explain why neither can occur.

A natural question a reader might ask is why propagate, instead of panic.

   ensure!(sender.matches_account(&owner));

Next, ensure that the state of the piggy bank is ``Intact``, just like previously:

.. code-block:: rust

   ensure!(*host.state() == PiggyBankState::Intact);

At this point you know the piggy bank is still intact and the sender is the
owner, meaning you now get to the smashing part.
But there is one problem.

> The state is immutable, so we first need to make the receive function mutable by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The state is immutable, so you first need to make the receive function mutable by
```

adding the |mutable|_ attribute to the |receive|_ macro.

.. code-block:: rust
   :emphasize-lines: 1, 4

   #[receive(contract = "PiggyBank", name = "smash", mutable)]
   fn piggy_smash<S: HasStateApi>(
       ctx: &impl HasReceiveContext,
       host: &mut impl HasHost<PiggyBankState, StateApiType = S>,
   ) -> ReceiveResult<()> {
       let owner = ctx.owner();
       let sender = ctx.sender();
       ensure!(sender.matches_account(&owner));
       ensure!(*host.state() == PiggyBankState::Intact);

       todo!()
   }

> This gives us a mutable reference to the ``host``, through which we can access

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This gives you a mutable reference to the ``host``, through which you can access
```

> the mutable state with the ``state_mut`` function. We then set the state to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the mutable state with the ``state_mut`` function. You then set the state to
```

``Smashed``, preventing further insertions of CCD:

.. code-block:: rust

   *host.state_mut() = PiggyBankState::Smashed;

Lastly, you need to empty the piggy bank. To do that, transfer all the CCD
of the smart-contract instance to an account.

To transfer CCD from a smart contract instance you use the |invoke_transfer|_
method on the ``host``. For this, you need to provide the address of the receiving
account and the amount to transfer.
In this case the receiver is the owner of the piggy bank and the amount is the
entire balance of the piggy bank.

The ``host`` has a getter function for reading
the current balance of the smart contract instance, which is called
|self_balance|_:

.. code-block:: rust

   let balance = host.self_balance();

You already have a variable with the address of the contract owner, so you can

> use that for invoking the transfer:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
use that to invoke the transfer:
```

.. code-block:: rust

   Ok(host.invoke_transfer(&owner, balance)?)

A transfer can fail in two ways, either your contract has insufficient funds, or
the receiver account does not exist. Neither can occur in this contract. This is
because it tries to transfer its own balance, and because a contract always has

> a valid owner.The code propagates the error out with the ``?``, which will

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a valid owner. The code propagates the error out with the ``?``, which will
```
